Improve documentation (#31)
hellofresh/kangal: charts/kangal/README.md

# Kangal Chart

> [Kangal](https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal) is a tool to spin up an isolated environment in a Kubernetes cluster to run performance tests using JMeter

Reviewer: btw can you also edit this?
```suggestion
[Kangal](https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal) is a tool to spin up an isolated environment in a Kubernetes cluster to run performance tests using different load test providers.
```

# Kangal Chart
[Kangal](https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal) is a tool to spin up an isolated environment in a Kubernetes cluster to run performance tests using JMeter

> ## TL;DR;

Reviewer: We should keep that in my opinion, all helm readmes have that section.

Author: Those instructions are still there, just a little more spaced

## Prerequisites

> - Helm 3+

Reviewer: we don't support helm3 in our chart

Author: It's working with helm3

Reviewer: yes, but it is not required. You may put Helm 2+ maybe?

Author: Helm2 commands are different :(
I will change a bit and add a helm2 example

Author: Done!

- Kubernetes 1.12+

## Installing the Chart
To add the the repository to Helm:
```shell
$ helm repo add kangal https://hellofresh.github.io/kangal
```

To install the Custom Resource Definition:
```shell
$ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hellofresh/kangal/master/charts/kangal/crd.yaml
```

To install the chart with the release name `kangal`:
```shell
$ helm install \

>   --set environment=dev \

Reviewer: do we need to mark it as dev here?

Author: we need to set `environment`, as it is required by the chart and does not have default value.

I use `dev` as value to indicate that installation must be reviewed when in production, any suggestion?

Reviewer: Got it, okay
